.TH THEME-SWITCH 1 "November 2024" "Version 1.0.2" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
theme-switch \- toggle between light and dark themes for Neovim and Kitty

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B theme-switch
.RB [ -v ]
.RB [ --version ]
.RB [ -t ]
.RB [ --toggle ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B theme-switch
is a script designed to switch between light and dark themes for Neovim and Kitty by copying pre-defined configuration templates. The script updates the current theme state and allows for quick toggling.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -v ", " --version
Displays the version number of the script.

.TP
.BR -t ", " --toggle
Toggles the current theme from dark to light or vice versa, updating the relevant configuration files.

.SH CONFIGURATION
The script requires a configuration directory located at
.BR $HOME/.config/theme-switch ,
which contains the following files:
.RS
.IP - 2
.I theme.conf
: Keeps track of the current theme (either "dark" or "light").
.IP - 2
.I nvim.lua
: Theme configuration file for Neovim.
.IP - 2
.I kitty.conf
: Theme configuration file for Kitty.
.IP - 2
.I templates/
: Directory containing template files for both dark and light themes for Neovim and Kitty.
.RE

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Toggle the current theme:
.B
theme-switch -t

.TP
Check the version:
.B
theme-switch -v

.SH FILES
.BR $HOME/.config/theme-switch/theme.conf
.RS
Configuration file that stores the current theme state (dark or light).
.RE

.BR $HOME/.config/theme-switch/templates/
.RS
Directory containing theme templates for each application.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Written by caesar003.


.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
