.TH THEME-SWITCH 1 "November 2024" "Version 1.2.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
theme-switch \- toggle between light and dark themes for Neovim, Kitty, and Vim, with opacity support

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B theme-switch
.RB [ -v ]
.RB [ --version ]
.RB [ -t ]
.RB [ --toggle ]
.RB [ -s ]
.RB [ --set ]
.RB [ -d ]
.RB [ --detail ]
.RB [ -o ]
.RB [ --opacity ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B theme-switch
is a script designed to switch between light and dark themes for Neovim, Kitty, and Vim by copying pre-defined configuration templates. The script updates the current theme state and allows for quick toggling. Users can control which applications are affected by the theme switch through configuration options. Additionally, it supports opacity adjustments for Kitty themes.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -v ", " --version
Displays the version number of the script.

.TP
.BR -t ", " --toggle
Toggles the current theme from dark to light or vice versa, updating the relevant configuration files based on settings in
.I theme.conf.

.TP
.BR -s ", " --set " " <mode> [vim | nvim | kitty] <colorscheme>
Sets the specified application’s theme to a particular colorscheme in the chosen mode (dark or light). 
.IR <mode>
should be either "dark" or "light." Specify the application with 
.IR vim ,
.IR nvim ,
or 
.IR kitty ,
followed by the 
.IR <colorscheme>
name.

.TP
.BR -d ", " --detail
Displays the current theme and the colorscheme settings for each supported application. This provides a quick view of the active theme configuration.

.TP
.BR -o ", " --opacity " " <value>
Adjusts the opacity of the specified theme. The value should be a number between 0 and 100, where 0 is fully transparent and 100 is fully opaque. This option is supported for Kitty, Neovim, and Vim themes.

.SH CONFIGURATION
The script requires a configuration directory located at
.BR $HOME/.config/theme-switch ,
which contains the following files:
.RS
.IP - 2
.I theme.conf
: Stores the current theme ("dark" or "light") and configuration options for each application, including opacity settings.
.IP - 2
.I nvim_theme
: Path to the Neovim theme configuration file, customizable in
.I theme.conf.
.IP - 2
.I vim_theme
: Path to the Vim theme configuration file, customizable in
.I theme.conf.
.IP - 2
.I kitty_theme
: Path to the Kitty theme configuration file, customizable in
.I theme.conf.
.IP - 2
.I templates/
: Directory containing template files for both dark and light themes for Neovim, Kitty, and Vim.
.RE

.SH CONFIGURATION OPTIONS
The configuration file
.I theme.conf
supports the following options:
.TP
.B current_theme
Indicates the active theme, either "dark" or "light".

.TP
.B set_nvim_theme
Boolean option to enable or disable theme switching for Neovim. Default is true.

.TP
.B set_vim_theme
Boolean option to enable or disable theme switching for Vim. Default is true.

.TP
.B set_kitty_theme
Boolean option to enable or disable theme switching for Kitty. Default is true.

.TP
.B opacity
Defines the opacity level for kitty. A value between 0 and 100. Default is 100 (fully opaque).

.TP
.B nvim_theme, vim_theme, kitty_theme
Paths to the respective theme configuration files for Neovim, Vim, and Kitty. Allows custom paths to be specified in
.I theme.conf.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Toggle the current theme:
.B
theme-switch -t

.TP
Check the version:
.B
theme-switch -v

.TP
Show current theme details:
.B
theme-switch -d

.TP
Set Neovim to the "gruvbox" colorscheme in dark mode:
.B
theme-switch -s dark nvim gruvbox

.TP
Set Kitty to the "tokyonight" colorscheme in light mode:
.B
theme-switch -s light kitty tokyonight

.TP
Set dark Kitty theme with opacity of 50:
.B
theme-switch -o 0.50 dark

.SH FILES
.BR $HOME/.config/theme-switch/theme.conf
.RS
Configuration file that stores the current theme state (dark or light), application settings, and opacity options.
.RE

.BR $HOME/.config/theme-switch/templates/
.RS
Directory containing theme templates for each application.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Written by caesar003.

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
